d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\instaNightcore.exe.config
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\instaNightcore.exe.manifest
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\instaNightcore.application
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\instaNightcore.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\instaNightcore.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\instaNightcore.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\DotNetZip.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.Modern.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\DotNetZip.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.Modern.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.Modern.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\Application.baml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.vb
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\Application.g.vb
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.g.resources
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.Resources.resources
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.exe.manifest
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.application
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\instaNightcore\instaNightcore\obj\Release\instaNightcore.pdb
